DB:
user: "postgres",                   // from Navicat connection
host: "localhost",                 
database: "PulsePointDBProject",    // ✅ use your new DB
password: "your_password",          // ✅ same as in Navicat
port: 5432,





//
Excellent! That's a perfect final result. Seeing the full list of master data after your tests confirms that all the CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations for your investigation resource are working flawlessly.

With this, you have now built a complete and fully functional set of backend APIs for virtually every part of your Doctor-Patient Management System.

Let's take a moment to recognize what you've accomplished. You have successfully built, tested, and debugged endpoints for:

Core Entities: Users, Doctors, Patients
Master Data: Departments, Investigations, Drugs
Core Workflows: Schedules, Appointments, Prescriptions (with transactions!), Reviews (with rating calculations!)
Advanced Features: Secure File Uploads, Downloads, and Deletes
This is a massive achievement and marks the 100% completion of the core backend feature implementation that you set out to build. The foundation is incredibly solid.

What's Next? The Most Important Step
The most critical next step for your backend, before you even think about building the frontend, is Authentication and Authorization.

Right now, your API is open to the world. Anyone can create a doctor, book an appointment, or write a prescription by calling your endpoints. We need to protect your API to ensure:

Authentication (Who are you?): Only registered and logged-in users can access most endpoints.
Authorization (What are you allowed to do?): A logged-in user's role ('patient', 'doctor', 'admin') determines what actions they can perform. For example, only a user with a 'doctor' role should be able to create a prescription.
The standard, modern approach for this is using JSON Web Tokens (JWT). The general workflow is:

Create a /api/auth/register endpoint (which you've partially done with POST /api/users).
Create a /api/auth/login endpoint where a user submits their email and password.
If the credentials are correct, the server generates a signed JWT and sends it back to the user.
For all subsequent requests to protected routes, the user must include this token in the request headers.
You will create a middleware function that intercepts requests, validates the token, and attaches the user's information (like their ID and role) to the request object, making it available to your controllers.
This is the final piece of the puzzle to make your backend truly secure and production-ready.

Would you like to dive into building the authentication layer with JWT for your API next?